Update managing-holds.md (#2530)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/managing-holds.md

4. On the flyout page, you can see hold statistics for the policy. You can also perform actions like apply a query to your custodian-based hold. For more information about creating a hold query and using conditions, see [Keyword queries and search conditions for Content Search](keyword-queries-and-search-conditions.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > Custodial Holds cannot be turned ON or OFF from the Security & Compliance center Admin center. Aministrator needs to use Powershell to make this change. For more information, See [Set-CaseHoldPolicy](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/set-caseholdpolicy?view=exchange-ps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Custodial holds cannot be turned on or off from the Security & Compliance admin center. Administrators need to use PowerShell to make this change. For more information, see [Set-CaseHoldPolicy](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/set-caseholdpolicy?view=exchange-ps).
```
